Update `Connect Kubectl` documentation (#1679)
gardener/dashboard: docs/usage/connect-kubectl.md

# Connect Kubectl

> In Kubernetes, the configuration for access to your cluster is a format known as `kubeconfig` that is stored as a file. It contains details such as cluster API server addresses and access credentials or a command to get the access credential from a `kubectl` credential plugin. In general, treat a `kubeconfig` as sensitive data. Tools like `kubectl` use the `kubeconfig` to connect and authenticate to a cluster and perform operations on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes, the configuration for accessing your cluster is in a format known as `kubeconfig`, which is stored as a file. It contains details such as cluster API server addresses and access credentials or a command to obtain access credentials from a `kubectl` credential plugin. In general, treat a `kubeconfig` as sensitive data. Tools like `kubectl` use the `kubeconfig` to connect and authenticate to a cluster and perform operations on it.
```

### Setup Gardenlogin

##### Prerequisites

- You are logged on to the Gardener dashboard.
- The dashboard admin has configured OIDC for the dashboard.
- You have installed [kubelogin](https://github.com/int128/kubelogin/blob/master/README.md#setup)
- You have installed [gardenlogin](https://github.com/gardener/gardenlogin/blob/master/README.md#installation)

To setup `gardenlogin`, you need to:
- [Download the kubeconfig for the `Garden` cluster](#download-kubeconfig-for-the-garden-cluster)
- [Configure gardenlogin](#configure-gardenlogin)

##### Download Kubeconfig for the `Garden` Cluster

1. Navigate to the `MY ACCOUNT` page on the dashboard by clicking on the user avatar -> `MY ACCOUNT`.
2. Under the `Access` section, download the kubeconfig.
<img width="700" src="../images/download-garden-cluster-kubeconfig.png">

##### Configure Gardenlogin

Configure gardenlogin by following the installation instruction on the dashboard:
1. Select your project from the dropdown on the left
2. Choose `CLUSTERS` and select your cluster in the list.
3. Choose the `Show information about gardenlogin` info icon and follow the configuration hints.

> Note: Use the [previously downloaded](#download-kubeconfig-for-the-garden-cluster) kubeconfig for the `Garden` cluster as the kubeconfig path. Do not use the `gardenlogin` `Shoot` cluster kubeconfig here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: Use the [previously downloaded](#download-kubeconfig-for-the-garden-cluster) kubeconfig for the `Garden` cluster as the kubeconfig path. Do not use the `gardenlogin` `Shoot` cluster kubeconfig here
```

<img width="700" src="../images/03-gardenlogin-info.png">

### Download and Setup Kubeconfig for a `Shoot` Cluster

> The `gardenlogin` kubeconfig for the `Shoot` cluster can be obtained in different ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gardenlogin` kubeconfig for the `Shoot` cluster can be obtained in various ways:
```

- [Copy and run](#copy-and-run-gardenctl-target-command) the `gardenctl target` command from the dashboard
- [Download](#download-from-dashboard) from the Gardener dashboard

#### Copy and Run `gardenctl target` Command
Using the `gardenctl target` command you can quickly set or switch between clusters. The command sets the scope for the next operation, e.g., it ensures that the `KUBECONFIG` env variable always points to the current targeted cluster.

To target a `Shoot` cluster:

1. Copy the `gardenctl target` command from the dashboard

    <img width="1000" src="../images/copy-target-cluster-command.png">
2. Paste and run the command in the terminal application, for example:
```bash
$ gardenctl target --garden landscape-dev --project core --shoot mycluster
Successfully targeted shoot "mycluster"
```

> Your `KUBECONFIG` env variable is now pointing to the current target (see also with `gardenctl target view -o yaml`). You can now run `kubectl` commands against your `Shoot` cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `KUBECONFIG` env variable is now pointing to the current target (also visible with `gardenctl target view -o yaml`). You can now run `kubectl` commands against your `Shoot` cluster.
```

```bash
$ kubectl get namespaces
```
The command connects to the cluster and list its namespaces.

##### KUBECONFIG Env Var not Setup Correctly

If your `KUBECONFIG` env variable does not point to the current target, you will see the following message after running the `gardenctl target` command:
```bash
WARN The KUBECONFIG environment variable does not point to the current target of gardenctl. Run `gardenctl kubectl-env --help` on how to configure the KUBECONFIG environment variable accordingly
```

> In this case you would have to run the following command (assuming `bash` as your current shell). For other shells, consult the [gardenctl kubectl-env --help](https://github.com/gardener/gardenctl-v2/blob/master/docs/help/gardenctl_kubectl-env.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you would need to run the following command (assuming `bash` as your current shell). For other shells, consult the [gardenctl kubectl-env --help](https://github.com/gardener/gardenctl-v2/blob/master/docs/help/gardenctl_kubectl-env.md) documentation.
```
